----
Engineer background told in main.

5 end. Hi MArkus how are you ? There is someting I need to show you. 6 contact Ceres, She realises. HE talks about potential. that Nicolo has talked to his sister and they want to meet him. On the way back, path in prairie. Then flirt ou bea moment intime dans la nature, A flower of ire. Earthquake ou Titan angry ? They run away. He's a bit behind. HE sees the door open and grabs the stone.
First time dooor is locked but he get low quality signal form veery far Who don't know who but a place name is mentioned. 

MArkus crafts high quality netowrk of relays. Nikilo says sofia is impressed and want to meet. When she's here he explains network. She says I m leaving on Sunday you need to join me. And so they do
Celes needs to explain magic and does an impressive demoMaybe  sort of mogs underground nad apoologises to the poeple who got the stone stolen and says something prophetic.




Maybe before meeting the undergorund people.
Steal a runes stone despite knowing he shoul dnot and do not tell Celestina but shows her what he has done wiht it.
Gives it to Nikolo and invited to study in Akotis. Meets sofia and a violent guy who will pressure underground peeps to give stone. In the cavern she shows she can use fire magic. Show her house with garden. It's quiet here. I like it. I can grow herbs.



Pan's arrow in the volcano has created mythril. Mythril comes from volcano and they have a lot thanks to Pan. Grey pixel art statue of him



Engineer youth. Meet a friend girl. Runecrafting. 
Can send Short messages with a rune reader. 
Inherits one from is gramddad.
One day go to a tunnel and found people who leave underground.

No one can enter some tunnel.
One day he does. and found most powerfull metal (adamantite). 
He crafts very powerful runes.
And take control of the other rue bearer.
Not much people use runes because they are expensive.



Dialogue RPG story telling 90% paratext 4 meet underground people. Come back and talk about acred stone. 5 fist part in town then they go back for celebration / ceremony Go find leo but no one is here. Bottom of the hill reminds some memory Eeven mushrooms are at the party 

One scene with celes helping proplr from her town ? Like in her garden and marku scomes and she's bothered. These people I want to shwo them sthe sun 
5 starts iwth arkus crafting in hi shouse and then showubg his work to Nicolo. He says Sofia will come. He meets Celes in town. I shoul d get more runes then I am going to the hill tomorrow.
Test new device when they do magic on the way to meet her. He can measure distance.


In the caver n they grow gems thanks to Titans power .



Next 
Introduction to these people and their no go room

Comes back and makes rune with new stones and they are very powerful. 

Needs to learn creatign a central relay ? 

I have the book you asked sofia ''element of runecraft
She'd really like to meet with you

I have new runes. The new technique allows a range twice as large : 400m !

Go back to town and try new runestones and discovers they are more powerfull
Think about what we could do

Go back to the cavern for a celebration. 
End by sendig cles receiving message


The daughter is from an underground person
They give him gems that he sells
He needs access to the plateau


### Markus ascents

1 Markus sends message to celes. She gets angry
2 he goes to market and talks to nikolo
3 show case the relay tak about how he improved signal and what's left to do
4 gets friend with Sofia
5 another one
3 goes to celes and she gets angry 
4 she throws braelet in river
5 he goes to lake what didI do ?
6 think about the offer
6 messages from nikolo
7 he leaves his house with all his stuff
8 he joins Sofia and finds comfort
9 they start their journey maybe he says he's not afraid, he can fight, a former friend taught me.
10 Map woth Akotis where new adventures will start

11 meet butters who's impressed because of arkus' strength and because he has powerful reunes. He lives in Jewel village and goes to Akotis as well

LAst scene. when they left for Akotis no one knew these 4 ambitious people would become the 4 rules.


Maybe scene underground with Celes. Maybe she uses powers.
Maybe scene lif goes on.